Application setup
This simulation is a web application based on xAMP platform.
For a local test you need to install a xAMP platform on your computer.
xAMP is an acronym for x=any OS, A=Apache web server, M=MySql database manager, P=PHP scripting language.

Installation of LAMP on Linux Debian and derivatives
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get -y install apache2
sudo systemctl start apache2.service
sudo apt-get install mysql-server (during setup create a root pwd)
sudo apt-get -y install php php-mysql
sudo systemctl restart apache2.service
sudo apt install phpmyadmin (require mysql root pwd)

Installation of WAMP on Windows
WAMP platform is not integrated in Windows OS.
You need to install third party application like xAMPP.
Launch xampp-control application and start Apache and MySQL servers

Copy Application folder "accessosim" into Apache data directory
Linux OS:	usually / var / www / 
Windows OS:  <xAMPP installation path>\htdocs
Launch the mysqladim control panel (http://localhost/phpmyadmin
Create a new empty database named accesso
Assign the new database to the user accessouser with password qwerty in the SQL tab
(GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON accesso. * TO accessouser@localhost IDENTIFIED BY qwerty)
Import the accesso.sql database contained in the repository root into the Import tab of the new database.

Visit address: http://localhost/accessosim
This is home page of simulation. Home page contains:
- A block diagram of system
- link to microcomputer based presence sensor simulator page
- link to message broker simulator page
- link to dashboard simulator page
- link to teacher app simulator page
- link to maintenance app simulator page
Each link opens on a different page so you can operate on each page independently and see effect on the other pages.

For example some typical action are:

Normal restroom operation
On teacher app: reserve a VACANT restroom; request in sent to message broker and RESERVED status is echoed on message broker, dashboard, teacher app and maintenance app. 
On micro simulator: switch corresponding sensor status to ON to simulate student access, restroom status is updated to ENGAGED on message broker, dashboard and apps.
On micro simulator: after a while switch same sensor status to OFF to simulate student come out, restroom status is updated to VACANT on message broker, dashboard and apps.

Maintenance  restroom operation
On maintenance app: put to maintenance restroom in any state; request in sent to message broker and MAINTENANCE status is echoed on message broker, dashboard, teacher app and maintenance app. 
On micro simulator: switch corresponding sensor status to ON to simulate maintenance access, restroom status remain to MAINTENANCE but sensor status is switched to ON.
On micro simulator: optional: after a while switch corresponding sensor status to OFF to simulate maintenance come out, restroom status remain to MAINTENANCE but sensor status is switched to OFF.
On maintenance app:  after a while remove maintenance from restroom; request in sent to message broker and VACANT or ENGAGED status  status is echoed depending on status of the presence sensor.

